1)Write a C program to print address of number.
2)Write a C program to print value of number using pointer.
3)Write a C program to swap two numbers given by user using pointer.
4)Write a C program to add two numbers given by user using pointer. [Hint: void add(int*n1,int*n2,int*sum) ]
5)Write a C program to print sum of 1 to n numbers where n is  given by user using pointer. [Hint: void sum_of(int*n,int*sum) ]
6)Write a C program to perform Addition of two numbers (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
7)Write a C program to perform conversion from Kilometer to meter (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
8)Write a C program to perform conversion from Fahrenheit to Celsius  (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
celsius = ((fahrenheit-32)*5)/9
9)Write a C program to find Cube of given number (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
10)Write a C program to find Area of circle(Using Function without return type with parameter values).
11)Write a C program to find Area of rectangle(Using Function without return type with parameter values).
12)Write a C program to find Circumference of circle (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
13)Write a C program to find Perimeter of rectangle(Using Function without return type with parameter values).
14)Write a C program to find Sum of 1 to n (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
15)Write a C program to find Sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
16)Write a C program to find Sum of all even numbers between 1 to n (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
17)Write a C program to find Sum of digits of given number (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
18)Write a C program to find reverse of given number(Using Function without return type with parameter values).
19)Write a C program to find Factorial of given number (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
20)Write a C program to accept base and exponent. Find Power of given number (Using Function without return type with parameter values).
21)Write a C program to perform Calculator operation (Using Function without return type with parameter values).




