Solve these programs using function Type 1-2-3 and 4
1)Write a C program to perform Addition of two numbers 
2)Write a C program to perform conversion from Kilometer to meter  (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
3)Write a C program to perform conversion from Fahrenheit to Celsius  (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
celsius = ((fahrenheit-32)*5)/9
4)Write a C program to find Cube of given number  (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
5)Write a C program to find Area of circle (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
6)Write a C program to find Area of rectangle (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
7)Write a C program to find Circumference of circle (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
8)Write a C program to find Perimeter of rectangle (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
9)Write a C program to find Sum of 1 to n (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
10)Write a C program to find Sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
11)Write a C program to find Sum of all even numbers between 1 to n (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
12)Write a C program to find Sum of digits of given number (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
13)Write a C program to find reverse of given number (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
14)Write a C program to find Factorial of given number (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
15)Write a C program to accept base and exponent. Find Power of given number (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
16)Write a C program to perform Calculator operation (Using Function without return type without parameter values.).
17)Write a C program to accept and display character array i.e. string.
18)Write a C program to find length of string using built-in string function.
19)Write a C program to find length of string without using built-in string function.
20)Write a C program to reverse the String using built-in string function.
21)Write a C program to reverse the String without using built-in string function.
22)Write a C program to convert the string to Uppercase using built-in string function.
23)Write a C program to convert the string to Uppercase without using built-in string function.
24)Write a C program to convert the string to lowercase using built-in string function.
25)Write a C program to convert the string to Lowercase without using built-in string function.
26)Write a C program to compare two strings using built-in string function.
27)Write a C program to compare two strings without using built-in string function.
28)Write a C program to concatenate two Strings using built-in string function.
29)Write a C program to concatenate two Strings without using built-in string function.
30)Write a C program to copy String into another String using built-in string function.
31)Write a C program to copy String into another String without using built-in string function.
32)Write a C program for sorting element in array in ascending array.
33)Write a C program to copy all elements from an array to another array.
34)Write a C program to search element in array.
35)Write a C program to find sum of all elements of an array.
36)Write a C program for sorting element in array in descending array.





